Add Data Analytics and Backend sections (#5877)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/Common/Data Analytics and BI/Embedded Dashboard/Embedded Dashboard.md

If you need a reliable solution to monitor your Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) and track trends effortlessly, take a look at [DevExpress BI Dashboard](https://www.devexpress.com/products/net/dashboard/).

![DevExpress BI Dashboard](/images/Common/Embedded_Dashboard.png)

#### Discover Interactive Dashboards

> - Access a diverse range of data visualization components, including charts, graphs, gauges, pivot grids, and more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Access a diverse range of data visualization components, including charts, cards, gauges, pivot grids, and more.
```

- Use a drag-and-drop interface to customize your dashboard layout. BI Dashboard is built on DevExtreme UI components - you will not need to relearn.

#### Data Integration

> - Connect to various data sources, including SQL databases, OLAP cubes, RESTful services, and Excel files.

Reviewer: I forgot to fix it
```suggestion
- Connect to various data sources, including SQL databases, OLAP cubes, JSON and Excel files.
```

> If you need a reliable solution to monitor your Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) and track trends, take a look at [DevExpress BI Dashboard](https://www.devexpress.com/products/net/dashboard/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The [DevExpress BI Dashboard](https://www.devexpress.com/products/net/dashboard/) allows you to monitor your Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) and track trends.
```

> If you need a reliable solution to monitor your Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) and track trends effortlessly, take a look at [DevExpress BI Dashboard](https://www.devexpress.com/products/net/dashboard/).

Reviewer 2: Another example of `effortlessly`

> If you need a reliable solution to monitor your Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) and track trends effortlessly, take a look at [DevExpress BI Dashboard](https://www.devexpress.com/products/net/dashboard/).

Author: ```suggestion
If you need a reliable solution to monitor your Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) and track trends, take a look at [DevExpress BI Dashboard](https://www.devexpress.com/products/net/dashboard/).
```

![DevExpress BI Dashboard](/images/Common/Embedded_Dashboard.png)

#### Discover Interactive Dashboards

> - Access a range of data visualization components, including charts, cards, gauges, pivot grids, and more.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Access several data visualization components, including charts, cards, gauges, pivot grids, and more.
```

> - Access a diverse range of data visualization components, including charts, cards, gauges, pivot grids, and more.

Reviewer 2: And `diverse`

> - Access a diverse range of data visualization components, including charts, cards, gauges, pivot grids, and more.

Author: ```suggestion
- Access a range of data visualization components, including charts, cards, gauges, pivot grids, and more.
```

> - Use a drag-and-drop interface to customize your dashboard layout. BI Dashboard is built on DevExtreme UI components - it will be easy to learn.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Use a drag-and-drop interface to customize your dashboard layout. BI Dashboard is built using DevExtreme UI components.
```

> - Use a drag-and-drop interface to customize your dashboard layout. BI Dashboard is built on DevExtreme UI components - you will not need to relearn.

Reviewer 2: `you will not need to relearn` This is a strange statement. Do we need to add this?

Author: I really don't know how to formulate it another way. Maybe,
```suggestion
- Use a drag-and-drop interface to customize your dashboard layout. BI Dashboard is built on DevExtreme UI components - it will be easy to learn.
```

> - Allow users to create dashboards with [Dashboard Designer](https://docs.devexpress.com/Dashboard/116518/basic-concepts-and-terminology/dashboard-designer#web-dashboard---designer-mode) and embed them with [Dashboard Viewer](https://docs.devexpress.com/Dashboard/116975/basic-concepts-and-terminology/dashboard-viewer#web-dashboard---viewer-mode).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Allow users to create dashboards with [Dashboard Designer](https://docs.devexpress.com/Dashboard/116518/basic-concepts-and-terminology/dashboard-designer#web-dashboard---designer-mode) and embed them into [Dashboard Viewer](https://docs.devexpress.com/Dashboard/116975/basic-concepts-and-terminology/dashboard-viewer#web-dashboard---viewer-mode).
```

> - Allow users to create dashboards with [Dashboard Designer](https://docs.devexpress.com/Dashboard/116518/basic-concepts-and-terminology/dashboard-designer#web-dashboard---designer-mode) and seamlessly embed them with [Dashboard Viewer](https://docs.devexpress.com/Dashboard/116975/basic-concepts-and-terminology/dashboard-viewer#web-dashboard---viewer-mode).

Reviewer 2: And `seamlessly`

> - Allow users to create dashboards with [Dashboard Designer](https://docs.devexpress.com/Dashboard/116518/basic-concepts-and-terminology/dashboard-designer#web-dashboard---designer-mode) and seamlessly embed them with [Dashboard Viewer](https://docs.devexpress.com/Dashboard/116975/basic-concepts-and-terminology/dashboard-viewer#web-dashboard---viewer-mode).

Author: ```suggestion
- Allow users to create dashboards with [Dashboard Designer](https://docs.devexpress.com/Dashboard/116518/basic-concepts-and-terminology/dashboard-designer#web-dashboard---designer-mode) and embed them with [Dashboard Viewer](https://docs.devexpress.com/Dashboard/116975/basic-concepts-and-terminology/dashboard-viewer#web-dashboard---viewer-mode).
```

#### Data Integration

> - Connect to various data sources, including SQL databases, OLAP cubes, JSON and Excel files.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Connect to different data sources, including SQL databases, OLAP cubes, JSON, and Excel files.
```

- Utilize our built-in data access layer and data shaping capabilities to query, filter, and transform your data.

#### Key Features

- [Master Filter Functionality](https://docs.devexpress.com/Dashboard/116912/common-features/interactivity/master-filtering)    
Use data-aware dashboard items to filter others (Master Filter). Select elements (for example, grid records, chart bars) to filter data in other items.

- [Drill-Down Feature](https://docs.devexpress.com/Dashboard/117061/web-dashboard/create-dashboards-on-the-web/interactivity/drill-down)    

> Adjust detail level of displayed data. Drill down for more detailed insights or drill up for general information.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Adjust the level of detail of displayed data. Drill down for more information or drill up for an overview.
```
